Thank you, but as a disciple of the Fifth Peak
Before the Qingyun Immortal Army re-emerged and the enemy entered the wilderness
Will never leave
Fifth case
I can't believe that you still remember me after twenty years
That being the case
I, Lin Aoxiong, will definitely live up to you.
How dare you let Sword Sect reoffend
So what?
Hahaha angered the elders of the Sword Sect
You wait to die
What a strong breath
This Sword Sect Four Great Elders really lived up to their reputation
I heard that the Four Fragrant Elders of Qingyun Sword Sect
All of them are in the seventh level of great perfection in Kendo
Can only establish the existence of a school
Elders
This woman is defiant
Slander Qingyun Sword Sect
Strange crime when a pig leaves its mouth
A peerless character who can be recognized by the Immortal Sword
Can you slander it?
Girl, since you have drawn this sword
Would you like to be the leader of my first letter?